doc: Deal with paragraphes in trailers (#4179)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: CONTRIBUTING.md

Ed25519 keys need to be inserted into JSON.

Changelog: Add the `Ed25519PublicKey::to_base64()` method which can be used to

>   stringify the Ed25519 public key.

Author: ```suggestion
 stringify the Ed25519 public key.
```

```

In this commit message, the content specified in the `Changelog` trailer will be
used for the changelog entry.

> Be careful to add two whitespaces after new lines to create a paragraph.

Reviewer: One is actually sufficient according to the doc of git trailers.

```suggestion
Be careful to add at least one whitespace after new lines to create a paragraph.
```
